Translated description in english (#13)
neopixl/tech-radar: radar/2023-08-31/GoogleMap for iOS.md

---
title: "Google Map for iOS"
ring: adopt
quadrant: iOS
tags: [cartograpy, iOS]
---

<p><b>Google Map</b></p>
<em><a href="https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/ios-sdk/config?hl=fr">Official documentation</a></em>

> <p> It is preferable to use the native OS tools. So Google Map will be the most recommended on Android but on iOS we will prefer Apple Map</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p> It is preferable to use the native OS tools. So Google Map will be the most recommended on Android but on iOS we will prefer the official MapKit SDK.</p>
```
